# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`ms_defender_atp_agent`](#ms_defender_atp_agent): Puppet module to install Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on Linux.
* [`ms_defender_atp_agent::uninstall`](#ms_defender_atp_agentuninstall): Uninstalls MS Defender ATP agent, removes onboarding file

#### Private Classes

* `ms_defender_atp_agent::config`: This installs the "onboarding" file, aka your Defender site licence.
* `ms_defender_atp_agent::install`: Install MDATP package
* `ms_defender_atp_agent::sources`: This sets up the Apt or Yum sources so that your computer or server can install Defender.

## Classes

### <a name="ms_defender_atp_agent"></a>`ms_defender_atp_agent`

Puppet module to install Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on Linux.

* **See also**
  * https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/linux-install-with-puppet?view=o365-worldwide#contents-of-install_mdatpmanifestsinitpp

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
class { 'ms_defender_atp_agent': onboarding_json_file => 'puppet:///path/to/your/file.json' }
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `ms_defender_atp_agent` class:

* [`onboarding_json_file`](#onboarding_json_file)
* [`channel`](#channel)
* [`manage_sources`](#manage_sources)
* [`distro`](#distro)
* [`version`](#version)

##### <a name="onboarding_json_file"></a>`onboarding_json_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Filesource`

Path to the JSON file you extracted from the onboarding package that your Defender manager gave you.

##### <a name="channel"></a>`channel`

Data type: `Optional[Enum['prod','insiders-fast','insiders-slow']]`

The release channel you want to use.

Default value: `lookup('ms_defender_atp_agent::default_channel')`

##### <a name="manage_sources"></a>`manage_sources`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

Allows you to manage the repository sources yourself (false) or allow this module to manage them for you (true).

Default value: `lookup('ms_defender_atp_agent::default_manage_sources')`

##### <a name="distro"></a>`distro`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Allows you to override the distro MS say you should state to get the right package. I calculate this for you in Hiera.

Default value: `lookup('ms_defender_atp_agent::default_distro')`

##### <a name="version"></a>`version`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Allows you to override the distro version you claim to have to get the right package.

Default value: `$::facts['os']['release']['major']`

### <a name="ms_defender_atp_agentuninstall"></a>`ms_defender_atp_agent::uninstall`

Uninstalls MS Defender ATP agent, removes onboarding file

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include ms_defender_atp_agent::uninstall
```

